careful with that it was my
grandmother's the careful if that falls
off the truck it wouldn't be the worst
thing
Wow I know seems smaller somehow has it
always been purple look around you guys
this was your first home and it was a
happy place filled with love and
laughter but more important because of
rent control it was a friggin steal
hey you realize it at one time or
another we all lived in this apartment
that's true uh I haven't no what about
that summer during college that you live
with Grandma and you tried to make it as
a dancer do you realize we almost made
it ten years without that coming up oh
honey I forgot I promised Rieger that we
leave our keys okay
I guess this is it yeah I guess so
this is harder than I thought it would
be what do you guys have to go to the
new house right away or do you have some
time we got some time okay should we get
some coffee sure we're
you